Hey it's Bruno here.
Man we've been getting some really really great comments about our new fast web site.
Really amazing work.
Hey listen I know you just started but our robo friends app which has become really really popular needs
a little bit of an upgrade.
It's written right now in react but I heard that this library redux may be able to help us scale and
make our app more maintainable in the long term.
Do you want to go ahead and take the lead to add Reebok's to our robo friends up.
Great.
I know I can trust you.
You've been really really good.
By the way nice haircut you look good today.
Oh boy.
You know exactly what Bruno does.
You're starting to catch on to him.
He starts out with a nice compliment.
Makes us feel good.
Asked us to do stuff and then finish off.
Finishes off with a random compliment like nice haircut.
We do have really nice haircuts though.
Anyway classic Bruno just using a compliment sandwich to make us do more things but oh well we enjoy
doing it right.
Plus we got this.
Easy peasy.
Let's get to work shall we.
Let's learn about some exciting topics.
I'll see in the next video Bebai.